So in a new place screen I want to be able to add a place and for that all first of all add the text
input component which of course has nothing to do with native wise features but we simply also need
that because in there we can now add such a text input that allows the user to enter the title and therefore
I'll also add a text component here where I say title that should act as a label for it as text input
here.
And overall I also want a scroll view in here to wrap all my content because I don't know which device
to user is going to use but will add more than just a title will also add a image picker and now place
picker it as module and therefore being able to scroll this page is really important.
So now we have that title label in the text input that belongs to it which for now will and will not
do anything but which will soon allow the user to enter a title.
I also want to make sure that of course this form can be submitted.
So what I also want to do is I want to add a button component here and after the text input here I'll
have my button where I say save plays for example add a color here and set this to colors thought primary
and for Dad you need to make sure you're importing the color is constant here and on press will later
submit this form for the moment I'm not doing anything here.
The text input of course also can be configured though most basic configuration is fine here I don't
need to change to keyboard type and so on but some styling would be nice and that's actually true for
the entire page.
So for this view here for example I want to add a style of form here so in a style identifiable forums
sort of that can style the overall form for the title here.
I'll add a style of label for the text input I also want to add my own styles and I'll use the identifier
text input here with Dad.
Let's go down to the solitude and make sure we do add some styling here for the overall form.
I'll add a margin in all directions of 30 so that it doesn't sit directly on the edges of the screen
for the label.
I want to set a font size of let's say 18 and also add a margin to the bottom of 15 so that we have
some spacing between the label at the text input and on the text input itself.
Well in order to be able to see it I'll add a border bottom and set its color to this light grey here
with this hex code of CCC and a border bottom with here of 1 and then also have a margin to its bottom
so to the content below it the button right now of 15 and what I'll also add here is a little bit of
a vertical padding just for a little bit of horizontal padding.
Just to if I saved it let's have a look.
If I go to the new place the screen does what I have and this doesn't look too shabby.
Also on Android this is something we can work with I guess and this is something we can build up on.
Now of course this input isn't doing anything.
I of course want to capture what the user entered and to keep this simple here all not add super complex
validation or anything like that.
Instead I'll just capture the value and that's it you can of course add validation you can't add a reducer
as we did it Indigo.
The user input module where you learned how you can manage more complex forms in all ways.
Here again I will keep this very very simple and therefore I will just import the U.S. State book from
react here so that I can just capture my values here.
So here I will have my title value and set title value function and use you state to initialize this
to an empty string and I'll then add a function here.
The title change handler which receives the text the user entered and where l then just set my title
value to that text and here of course you could add validation but again to keep this simple I'll not
do it.
It's the title change handler that should now be bound to the on change text per prop here on the text
input.
So they're all point at Title change handler and I'll bind the value of that input of course to my title
value because that's where a store the user input.
With that we have a fully functional user input here where I also capture the values now with that we're
able to get the title.
We also have safe place.
Whenever we pressed his button.
I want to save it so I'll have my safe place handler which is a function I want to bind to this safe
place button.
So here instead of having this empty anonymous functional point at Safe Place handler on this safe place
button in India I now want to make sure displaced desk gets saved.
And for this I'll again use redux.
So I'll install redux with npm install dashes save redux and also react redux and I'll also install
redux thunk so that we can use that too.
For now I don't need it because I'm not talking to a server but later once we add native device features
you will see that there we also got some features that are asynchronous and where you might want to
wait for their completion before we actually dispatch an action which is exactly where X thunk can help
us so therefore with these free packages installed we can now set up read X.